# ASSESSMENT TASK 1: DESCRIPTION

The Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) provides a range of climate 
information about different parts of Australia. In particular, the 
[Climate Data Online](http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/data/index.shtml) 
service provides access to rainfall data for many different Australian 
cities and suburbs. For example, [Copperlode Dam station](http://www.bom.gov.au/jsp/ncc/cdio/weatherData/av?p_nccObsCode=136&p_display_type=dailyDataFile&p_startYear=&p_c=&p_stn_num=031205) has been recording 
rainfall data since the year 2000. 

Your coding challenge is to create an IntelliJ IDEA Java project that contains the following Java classes designed and coded by you:

1. *RainfallAnalyser*: (use *static* Java methods only)
    1. Read BOM rainfall data for 10+ years from csv text files (Mt. Sheridan Station Cairns)
    2. Calculate monthly rainfall totals along with minimum daily and maximum daily rainfall during each month, across the 10+ years’ worth of data
    3. Save the calculated information into a new text file
2. *RainfallVisualiser*: (add draw code to a JavaFX *Application* class that will be provided)
    1. Read the calculated information from those new text files generated by *RainfallAnalyser*
    2. Display a graphical chart using JavaFX shapes that effectively presents the calculated information

This repo is your personal GitHub Classroom repository for this assessment task. It contains JUnit tests designed to check 
various aspects of your solution code. These unit tests focus on the non-GUI aspects of your codebase. 
You use these unit tests to ensure your codebase works on a variety of BOM rainfall data files located in the _resources_
folder. For example, your *RainfallAnalyser* class will be expected to handle corrupted text 
files and other related IO problems. There is no need to provide JUnit tests for your *RainfallVisualiser* class.

# ASSESSMENT TASK 1: SUBMISSION DETAILS

Submit your work using the Assignment Task 1 submission link within the CP2406 LearnJCU site for this subject. 
Your submission *must* include:

* A _1-minute video screencast that shows your RainfallAnalyser passing the unit tests_ and _your RainfallVisualser display its graphical chart_
* A zip of your IntelliJ project folder

# ASSESSMENT TASK 1: CRITERIA SHEET

This task assesses your ability to apply coding skills such as the use of:

* Basic Java classes and objects;
* Java variables and primitive types;
* JavaFX shape drawing code used inside JavaFX program (template starter code will be provided);
* Java control flow structures;
* Basic Java file IO and exception handling; and
* Basic algorithmic development: top-down design and incremental development.